[Doc] Release notes for v8.4.3 (#90443)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/highlights.asciidoc

{es-pull}85649[#85649]

[discrete]
[[errors_with_cross_fields_query_type]]
=== Errors with the `cross_fields` query type

> The 8.4.2 release introduced a bug that may fail queries that use the
> `cross_fields` type at search time with an error message containing
> `totalTermFreq must be at least docFreq`. Users of the `cross_fields` type
> are recommended to upgrade to 8.4.3 to avoid hitting this bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {es} 8.4.2 release introduced a bug that may fail queries using the
`cross_fields` type at search time with an error message containing
`totalTermFreq must be at least docFreq`. If you run queries that use
 the <<type-cross-fields,`cross_fields` type>>, we strongly recommend
 upgrading to 8.4.3 to avoid hitting this bug.
```
